.\" Man page for Dotforge CLI
.TH df 1 "October 2024" "Dotforge 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
df \- Manage symlinks, file types, and ignored paths
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B df
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Dotforge is a CLI tool to manage symlinks, file types, and ignored paths with options for adding, removing, and listing.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --set-default-path, -sdp \fI<path>\fP
Set the default directory for symlink creation.
.TP
.B --new-filetypes, -nft \fI<extensions>\fP
Add new file types to the approved list using space-separated extensions.
.TP
.B --remove-filetypes, -rft \fI<extensions>\fP
Remove file types from the approved list.
.TP
.B --list-filetypes, -lft
List all approved file types.
.TP
.B --ignore-paths, -ip \fI<paths>\fP
Add paths to be ignored.
.TP
.B --remove-ignored, -ri \fI<paths>\fP
Remove an ignored path.
.TP
.B --list-ignored, -li
List all ignored paths.
.TP
.B --scan, -s
Scan the current directory for blocked or unaccepted files.
.TP
.B --max-lines, -ml \fI<number>\fP
Set max lines to display before opening in editor (default: 20).
.TP
.B --list-default-path, -ldp
Display the current default path.
.TP
.B --help, -h
Show help information.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B df --set-default-path /home/user/Applications
Sets the default target directory for symlink creation.
.TP
.B df --new-filetypes .go .py
Adds .go and .py as approved file types.
.TP
.B df --ignore-paths /home/user/temp
Adds /home/user/temp to the ignored paths list.
.TP
.B df --scan
Scans the current directory for blocked or unaccepted files.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Justin Wayne Liles.
